I'm going to take someone to meet the lady now
Otherwise, it will be difficult to stop if the matter is too big.
Who is our wife?
In fact, you inferior people can meet if you want to
Okay, okay?
But it's up to you to win
Why don't you care who lives and dies?
Assassinate the Ouyang family
It's just grassroots for the people
What does it have to do with me?
My wife likes the parts on him
That's the blessing he has cultivated in eight lifetimes
How you little hoe
You should look in the mirror
See if it matches
Liu Zhouzhu, you saw it too
It's not me picking a fight
He doesn't deserve it. What about me?
What are you?
The minister will destroy me Ouyang Jia
And you said it in a grand manner.
Do you want me Ouyang Jia to burn high incense for you?
It turns out that there is still a remnant of the Ouyang family here
Are you here to collect the body?
I advise you to go to the morgue early
Get out of here